Cruce Game:
Famous card game, similar to whist.

No. of Players:
1-4

Type of Deck: 
Each suit of value II, III, IV, IX, X and A (ace).

Setup:
Table.
Players.
Deck of cards.
Score Point table.

Goal:
Achieve the Game Points before your opponent.

Cards Distribution:
In 4 player game, each player will get 6 cards, 0 cards on table (face down).
In 3 player game, each player will get 8 cards, 0 cards on table (face down).
In 2 player game, each player will get 8 cards, 8 cards on table (face down).

Game Score Limits:
11 Points.
15 Points.
21 Points.

Round In A Game:
On start of every round, each player will make a bid. After the process of
bidding, the player/team with maximum bid will win the bidding. The bid
winner will start the game and choose the trump by playing first card of his
choice on table. Every player in the game need to put the card of that suit,
the player with maximum value of card of same suit will get all the cards
and win it. The winner will start it again and round continues. In case, the
other player don't have the card of that particular suit, they need to play
their trump. In case, they don't have trump, they can play any card. On
finishing of all cards, the score is computed and compared against bid point
or card points. Now if the bid point/s are achieved they will be awarded with
same else the same is deducted from their game points score.

Bidding Points:
1 bid point is equal to 33 card points.
2 bid point is equal to 66 card points.
3 bid point is equal to 99 card points.
4 bid point is equal to 132 card points.
5 bid point is equal to 165 card points.
6 bid point is equal to 198 card points.

Card Points:
II is worth of 2 card points.
III is worth of 3 card points.
IV is worth of 4 card points.
IX is worth of 0 card points.
X is worth of 10 card points.
ACE is worth of 11 card points.

Score Points:
Tells the current score of the player/team.

Game Points:
Will decide the winner of game (11-15-21).

Bonus Points:
If a player has in hand a III and a IV of the same suit, they form a call.
This is worth 20 or 40 card points(if the suit is trump). To make a call,
it is necessary that the player who owns it to be the first in that round
and to put on the table one of the two elements (the III or the IV).

Strategies:
Choose the bid wisely.
Choose the trump wisely (the maximum no. of suit cards you have with higher
values).
Use team chat with your partner during game play.

Bugs/Issues/Feedback:
Contact us here: cruce-development@googlegroups.com
Make sure you use the proper subject.


